CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing
Did I Take My Meds? is very open to community contributions and I, [CorruptedArk](https://github.com/CorruptedArk), am very happy to receive any feedback or contributions for this project. I simply ask you show me respect by following some guidelines.

When contributing to this repository, please discuss the change you wish to make via an issue prior to making a change.

## Issues
Valid issue subjects include but are not limited to the following:

- Bug reports
- Proposed fixes
- Feature requests / additions
- Resource translations

## Pull Requests
As stated above, please submit an issue regarding changes before implementing them. Doing so gives me a chance to decide whether the change is fit for the code base, allows me to decide if I will implement it, and saves you time by preventing duplication of work.

If I approve of the proposed change and agree that you should work on it, go ahead and make the change in a fork. When you are ready to add the modified code to the upsteam repository, please submit a pull request. 

### Code Quality
Please try to keep naming conventions and style consistent with the surrounding code. Your changes don't have to be perfect, but make them close enough that I will only have to do minor cleanup at most.

Commit message:

Update string translations
Fill in missing string translations with default strings
Remove translations for strings that should not be translated
Add credits for Edanas on Weblate
Update contributing instructions to include Weblate
Add Weblate status widget to README.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing
Did I Take My Meds? is very open to community contributions and I, [CorruptedArk](https://github.com/CorruptedArk), am very happy to receive any feedback or contributions for this project. I simply ask you show me respect by following some guidelines.

When contributing to this repository, please discuss the change you wish to make via an issue prior to making a change.

## Issues
Valid issue subjects include but are not limited to the following:

- Bug reports
- Proposed fixes
- Feature requests / additions
- Resource translations

## Contributing Translations
If you want to provide translations, you can either:
- Directly submit a pull request with changes to the string resource files

	**or**

- Translate through the hosted Weblate instance for this project [here](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/did-i-take-my-meds/string-resources/)

## Pull Requests
As stated above, please submit an issue regarding changes before implementing them. Doing so gives me a chance to decide whether the change is fit for the code base, allows me to decide if I will implement it, and saves you time by preventing duplication of work.

If I approve of the proposed change and agree that you should work on it, go ahead and make the change in a fork. When you are ready to add the modified code to the upsteam repository, please submit a pull request. 

### Code Quality
Please try to keep naming conventions and style consistent with the surrounding code. Your changes don't have to be perfect, but make them close enough that I will only have to do minor cleanup at most.
