README.md, before:

<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/featureGraphic.png" alt="Banner" width="600" />

# Did I Take My Meds?

[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds)](https://github.com/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds/releases)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds)](https://github.com/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds/latest/total)](https://github.com/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds/releases)
[![Liberapay Patrons](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/patrons/CorruptedArk.svg?logo=liberapay")](https://liberapay.com/CorruptedArk/)

## About
Did I Take My Meds? is a Kotlin Android app to keep track of when to take medications. It is designed to help prevent a user from skipping doses and/or overdosing. 

Did I Take My Meds? allows a user save multiple medication doses with different times. Each medication can trigger an independent reminder notification. The unique functionality of this application is that it allows a user to record when they take a dose. As a part of a medication routine, this app can help prevent overdoses and skipped doses.

---

## Screenshots
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" alt="Med List" width="200" />
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" alt="Detail View" width="200" />
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png" alt="Edit View" width="200" />
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png" alt="Edit Clock" width="200" />

---

## License
Files in this project are licensed GPLv3+ unless otherwise indicated. Some icon resources are licensed under the Apache License v2.

Commit message:

Add Google Play badge to README.md

README.md, after:

<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/featureGraphic.png" alt="Banner" width="600" />

# Did I Take My Meds?

[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds)](https://github.com/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds/releases)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds)](https://github.com/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds/latest/total)](https://github.com/CorruptedArk/did-i-take-my-meds/releases)
[![Liberapay Patrons](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/patrons/CorruptedArk.svg?logo=liberapay")](https://liberapay.com/CorruptedArk/)

<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dev.corruptedark.diditakemymeds&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1'><img alt='Get it on Google Play' height=90 src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png'/></a>

## About
Did I Take My Meds? is a Kotlin Android app to keep track of when to take medications. It is designed to help prevent a user from skipping doses and/or overdosing. 

Did I Take My Meds? allows a user save multiple medication doses with different times. Each medication can trigger an independent reminder notification. The unique functionality of this application is that it allows a user to record when they take a dose. As a part of a medication routine, this app can help prevent overdoses and skipped doses.

---

## Screenshots
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" alt="Med List" width="200" />
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" alt="Detail View" width="200" />
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png" alt="Edit View" width="200" />
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png" alt="Edit Clock" width="200" />

---

## License
Files in this project are licensed GPLv3+ unless otherwise indicated. Some icon resources are licensed under the Apache License v2

---
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.
